so my name is Jules Rebecca and I'm the
CEO of Jules world and light stage light
stage is focused on the acquisition and
the rendering of 3d data of CG quality
graphics that are photo real essentially
left I thought holographic or holodeck
system and that Jules were all that
works both in the visual effects field
and does animation work but also has a
proprietary technology called Oh toy the
initial inspiration behind Okoye was to
just see the stuff that we've been
seeing in films turned into a video game
a playable video game that had the
quality of movies and to have that run
in a webpage that was it we have been
doing a lot of work with with Studios
like paramount with transformers maybe
just drove onto the Paramount lot and
showed them the very first clip that
we'd worked on which was Optimus Prime
feds forming in that city and it was
based on that toy that I had seen in
Japan which is this white version of
that robot and they look beautiful
you know our biggest challenge in
rendering real-time graphics that our
cinema quality is that the size of the
data sets and I think one of the things
that's helped narrow that gap for us the
most of it definitely has been the gddr5
memory on AMD's Radeon 4800 series cards
we were just able to stream those assets
out of system memory onto the video card
at such a high rate of speed that it
just allowed us to change it was a game
changer we're now starting to see a lot
of interest from game publishers and I
count my stage is probably you know the
the biggest hole we have in that Arsenal
so to speak videos of these characters
on my stage they just look perfect I
mean I can't tell whether it's a real
person or a CG character and that's
that's what I didn't hand out of out of
CG and that's what I want to see happen
before we started working on my
impression of AMD was that they were a
large corporation with you know with
interests that a corporation normally
has when we did started work with them I
thought that they were a bunch of really
great guys that were willing to roll up
their sleeves and
take a leap of faith with us a lot of
our ideas are just these creative
thoughts that frankly need a partner
like a need it to be realized and I've
never worked with anybody that's that's
been such a big believer in an insert of
helping out the individual and helping
out small companies that have yeah
really big ideas and making those real
it's it's just amazing to think that a
company that's large with 16,000
employees is gonna come and and just
swoop in and say well you know you you
know the four or five things you want to
do that are kind of that's never been
done before well we're gonna make that
happen I mean that really has been a
unique experience for us and we're just
you know we're blessed to have that and
we're certainly all of his were showing
today and a large part are possible
because of Andy's help it's a dream come
true for somebody like myself but for
all the people involved in our work so
it's really been amazing and surprising
and startling but wonderful at the same
time
you